[doc]Split MultiKueue documentation. (#1772)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/concepts/multikueue.md

An approach similar to the one described for [`batch/Job`](#batchjob) is taken into account to overcome this. 

## Submitting Jobs

> After the [configuration](/docs/tasks/setup_multikueue), any MultiKueue supported job submitted in the Manager cluster which targets a MultiKueue configured ClusterQueue is subject to multikueue job delegation without any additional job configuration changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a [configured MultiKueue environemnt](/docs/tasks/setup_multikueue), you can submit any MultiKueue supported job to the Manager cluster, targeting a ClusterQueue configured for Multikueue.
Kueue delegates the job to the configured worker clusters without any additional configuration changes.
```

Author: done

## What’s next? 

> - Learn about [MultiKueue environment setup](/docs/tasks/setup_multikueue/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn how to [setup a MultiKueue environment](/docs/tasks/setup_multikueue/)
```

> - Learn about [MultiKueue environment setup](/docs/tasks/setup_multikueue/)

Reviewer: Also link to how to submit Jobs and JobSets
